if you boys want coins make sure you
check out favor coins de user code work
Gardy for five percent off links are in
the description hey guys Sam here
welcoming you back to the son Alec
Rimmer boys season two is among us and
what an end to season while it was now
if you haven't seen season 1 you have to
check it out you have to oh you have to
go you have ongoing you're happy okay
you have to because everything building
up to season true happened in season one
especially the ending of season one the
first other side the last couple of
episodes were absolutely insane as you
can see here I am season 2 August 29
you're asking guardian Sam whatever you
guys call me I don't really know why are
you already at August 29 I lost footage
guys this is meant to be the second
episode of sunderland but for some
stupid reason my laptop just restarted
as soon as I finished recording as soon
as I click stop recording on my game
capture device for el gato it just
restarted and it didn't have time to
process the video and if you know
anything about the old guard so can
capture software you know that it has to
process the whole video before you even
touch it before you even click out of
elgato game capture everything you have
to let it process and it didn't process
so I lost the game footage for that I
start of my face can but that really has
nothing to do with anything basically
I'm gonna be telling you guys exactly
who I signed because we have made a
couple signings let's get into the team
as you can see we command Fletcher start
in a strike in position with Chamberlain
Larson Cattermole and Johnson in left
back where van and halts in center back
with Virginia and in right back we have
Cedric now the two new names in the
starting eleven Samuel entity is a
brilliant looking centre-back I love his
name I was raving on about his name of
the first you know in what was meant to
be the first episode I'm TT what a name
he looks brilliant he's obviously very
um physically he's very good he's
defensive stats are okay as well 77
slide tackle 78 stand tackle I like it
is 21 years old left-footed so I play
min the left-center back position and
you know he does pretty good the next
one is lindegaard now this might be a
bit odd and the whole reasoning for the
purchasing of Linda
was explained in the first what was
meant to be the first episode and in
right back I didn't even just so
nonchalantly I said Cedric sin right
back but we have a new right back Cedric
now this guy 23 years old 77 rated he
looks like an absolute beast 83
acceleration 82 sprints me 88 stamina
he's bombing down those wings for days
boys he's got 81 crossing 84 shot power
and either decent long shots at 79 so I
probably having a couple shots with him
of course 23 with a four-star wakeful
brilliant for a ride back actually
brilliant i'm looking forward to this
guy than most the bench is pretty much
the same with the notable re-instated
altidore who's come back from loan sorry
boys for that one i skip to the tactics
which I didn't mean to do but yeah
everything else looks pretty much the
same with Cedric I'm TT and Linda guy
making their debut can we pick up three
points against Swansea boys let's get
into the game to what you think
Wickham's their particular weekend
that's what it's about boys Connor
Wickham great head up and we're home now
we're on top for side boys if you
remember the end of last season we came
forth we need to set the standard we
need to make our home a fortress and we
need to be picking up all three points
at home that's the standard now that's
what we have to do and that's a great
way to start want a header from Wickham
that isn't beautiful
okay oh great work from Steven Fletcher
oh that he's beautiful can he put it
away did the said you did the keeper get
teacher did the keeper get a touch on
that I did Johnson says again virgine is
there Oh Fabianski
now on the other side Johnson canimals
there oh my goodness no way Fletcher
great steel cuts inside ref referee I'm
just through on goal come on come on
riff are you really gonna give him
nothing oh my god that is a joke don't
my boys you know stepping over this one
it's sample arson it's a great position
as well just
ah there it is boys halftime one nil in
my opinion I think we've been all over
Swansea let's check out the stats at
halftime I'm gonna make a substitution I
want to give altidore run and I'm gonna
take Wickham off which is pretty
surprising just you know considering
it's called the goal but Fletcher has
been played with very very well he's got
a couple steals as you can see five
shots for and tagged we've been doing
very well Altidore gets his opportunity
this I want to see what he's made out of
because I think everyone when I learned
him out in the first season said that he
was a beast so let's let's see how good
he is boys giving the whip Oh Cattermole
makes a beautiful run cutter back to
altidore Fletcher no but Seb Larson
great work got Fletcher to the right
making a beautiful run by fletcher
always altidore he could have been
perfect for that running tap in Larson
lays it off to caramel or great tackle
right
what a shocking moment to the prior look
at him he's distraught
let's go I'm gonna back up my signing
here and I'm gonna say that's not
Lindegaard fault that EAS fault I'm not
even i'm not putting the blame on
Lindegaard there I'm gonna stick by my
siding and say that that's not your
fault that was just a gob
oh great work who was that van Anna hope
he got there first Chamberland oh my
goodness load Cedric now Cedric that's a
corner dying moments of the game boys
there it is there it is come on who's
that whoever it is given a pay rise get
in front of the cavity Fletcher Steven
Fletcher gets in front of the goalkeeper
Fabianski no way you're gonna be in
there ah go on Fletcher come on that's
what I want or three I want all three
points Oh auntie T what attack all you
Beast Chamberlain our breaks come on you
can be ten dollar here come on come on
there it is who's forward though no one
chain one's gonna smash it waiting
that's close there it is boys full time
to one we commend the we command
Fletcher scoring the two goals pretty
good performance to be honest with you
think that performance was really well
10 shots aight on target to their four
shots none on target with this is a
deflection goal I'm not even blaming
Lindegaard at all at all we clearly
outperformed them and we deserve the
clean sheet as well let West voice that
is the first win of the season i'm going
to show you the best result and the
table really quickly because i assume
two games against spurs in someone else
I think Southampton me me so let's check
out the results and the table I boys
here other results as you can see the
first game was at the stadium of light
where we strew 11 winces furs then we
traveled to West Ham and boleyn ground
and we lost 2-1 and then of course we
picked a good 2 1,000,000 swansea so a
shaky start to the season but the sim
games i'm not really counting next is a
capital one cup game that i'll be
simulating with a younger
team never less boys if you've enjoyed
it hit the like button down below if
you're new around here subscribe for
more career mode nevertheless i'll see
you guys on voice breaks p Oh Oh Royce
I'm just take a veil take a bear Makka
Royce